# III.04 “Monthly Domestic Waste at Power Plant Ocean Inlet”

### Brief Description

“Marine debris” is defined as “any persistent, manufactured or processed solid material that is discarded, disposed of, or abandoned in the marine and coastal environment.” This indicator compiles data on waste provided by power plants, and, in coordination with the reported waste quantities, calculates the amount of domestic waste per unit of heated discharge volume.

### Themes

Marine pollution

### PSBR Model Type

Pressure (P)

### Corresponding Targets

#### SDGs

14.1<br> Reduce marine pollution of all kinds, including nutrients
and marine waste pollutions.<br>
14.1.1 Index of coastal eutrophication and floating plastic debris density <br>
2020 Quantification Target: The implementation period of Taiwan’s Marine Debris Management Action Plan is tentatively set for 2018 to 2022.
Continue promoting the implementation of the “Ongoing Actions” and the “Future Actions” under the Management Action Plan, in order to effectively reduce waste generation and minimize its impact on the marine ecosystem.

#### Aichi Biodiversity Targets

Target 8 <br>
By 2020, pollution, including from excess nutrients, has been brought to levels that are not detrimental to ecosystem function and biodiversity.

### Background

Marine debris, or marine litter, is usually defined as “any persistent, manufactured or processed solid material that is discarded, disposed of, or abandoned in the marine and coastal environment.”Marine debris originates from both land-based and sea-based resources. Terrestrial sources includes landfills, river runoff, sewage overflow, industrial wastes, and coastal recreational activities. Marine sources include lost or discarded ship cargo, cruise ship opertations, abandoned fishing gear, waste discharged from naval and research vessels, offshore gas and oil extraction facilities, and aquaculture operations, etc.Based on its distribution, marine debris can be further classified into seafloor marine debris (SMD), floating marine debris (FMD) and beached marine debris (BMD).
Dense human population in coastal area, along with the growing intensity of maritime shipping and fishing activities, have led to the accumulation of a colossal amount of marine debris. In some cases, floating debris has formed patches as large as islands, extending up to 500 nautical mile in width. This phenomenon is often satirically referred to as "plastic soup". The environmental damage continues to worsen by a daily basis, making it an urgent issue that demands our collective attention and action.

### Definition and Calculation

1. Each power plant submits a monthly "Table of the Composition and Volume of Debris in Cooling Water at the Power plant inlet." In conjunction with  the actual recorded waste removal data, the amount of domestic waste per kiloton of heated discharge is calculated on a monthly basis.
2. According to the available data, many power plants reported zero domestic waste. Furthermore, since the data from Chinshang Nuclear Power Plant and Maanshan Nuclear Power Plant will be discontinued due to their future decommissioning, this project has preliminarily selected  Datan Power Plant in northern Taiwan and Hsinta Power Plant in southern Taiwan, as they provided more consistent long-term records of domestic waste.
3. Hsinta Power Plant consists of two types of units: steam turbine generator units and combined cycled units. The calculation is conducted by summing the monthly domestic waste generated by both units and dividing it by the monthly volume of heated discharge from both units.

### Updates

According to the data provided by Datan Power Plant and Hsinta Power Plant, there are 7 data entries from June to December in 2019. The monthly ratio of domestic waste to heated discharge (g/kt) is as follows: 58.2 (June), 94.6 (July), 25.4 (September), [nodata in August], 70.3 (October), 60.9 (November), and 139.5 (December) for Datan Power Plant, and 5.4 (June), 6.5 (July), 5.8 (August), 0 (September), 0 (Octorber), 3.4 (November), 1.8 (December) for Hsinta Power Plant.

### Trends

(under improvement; not yet disclosed)

### Data Management/Authorities

Taiwan Power Company

### Data Source/URL

Taiwan Power Company
